# FV M1

## Fractal Visions Quadratic Funding


Fractal Visions Mission #1 is for fellow impact makers in web3 who are building projects that contribute to public goods. Utilizing the Optimism network & Layer 2 scaling blockchain technology with the Gitcoin Grants Stack gives Fractal Visions ecosystem the opportunity to reiterate Quadratic Funding with the "Mission Fund" as the public goods community grows. The community can choose from a selection of different categories that align with their vision and values regarding the future of blockchain development. 

The “Fractal Visions Mission Fund” further expands the scope of participation within the niche community of impact makers from the very early beginning of a regenerative movement. Each “Mission” from the Pilot Programs help contribute to momentum of the public goods flywheel every QF round. 

--- To be eligible for this grant round, applicants must meet the general eligibility policy and the following specific criteria. ---



### Round Eligibility

The Grant proposal should explicitly outline how your work supported or will support the Gitcoin Community.

Mission-Oriented: The project must aim to improve the Web3 ecosystem.

Minimum Age: Projects must have been active for at least 3 months.

Recent Activity: There must be meaningful GitHub activity within the past 3 months, demonstrating ongoing work aligned with the project's mission.

Public Goods Focus: The project should primarily aim to develop or advance the broader Public Goods and/or Web3 ecosystem



	[- Mission #1 -](https://explorer.gitcoin.co/#/round/10/0xc7a4284bae0bd6c4cc5668fa7c2f10ba556a52c9)

The Quadratic Funding mechanism that Fractal Visions ecosystem has established for creators & builders who will be based on the following genres.

Decentralized Vibrations

Psychedelic Visuals

Artificial Intelligence

Regenerative Finance

Decentralized Science
