# Security



## Safety is number one

Safety Protocol: Education for newcomers is important for a healthy ecosystem so we are working as close as possible together with web3 security integrations.

### Token Gating & Discord Security

#### GUILD

Over the course of 2022 we have had the honor of Beta testing for guild.xyz

Fractal Visions has a 100 % TOKEN GATED Discord server you can only access from GUILD. 

Receive an invite link to the Fractal Visions server by requesting one from the guild bot. ENTER HERE >>> guild.xyz/fractalvisions <<<

#### SHIELD

Starting in 2023 we are partnering with new security services such as getshield.xyz

We are for the people! NOT the sybil attackers... 
Token gated ecosystems reduce duplicate accounts, bots, and phishing attacks.

### Web Browser Security


#### Revoke

The Revoke.cash browser extension helps protect you from common crypto scams.

In many cases, phishing websites try to make you sign a token allowance while they pretend to be an NFT mint or other legitimate use cases. When these phishing scams happen, it is recommended to use the Revoke.cash website to mitigate the damage, but it is even better to prevent the scam in the first place.


#### AegisWeb3

What can AegisWeb3 do?

Realtime Anti-phishing: Advanced machine learning algorithms vigilantly scan for suspicious activity 24/7, keeping you secure from sophisticated phishing scams, providing unmatched security for your crypto assets.

Transaction Simulation: Simulates the transaction, and displays the coming results for your review and confirmation. Bring the clarity and certainty for complex signatures.

Approval Revoke: Easily inspect and revoke your risky Approval. Prevent potential threats to your funds by terminating risky permissions.

Smart Contract Examination: Gain valuable insights into contract security, liquidity, and transaction flow with just one click.

Report Risks: Users can report blockchain scams such as phishing websites and scam websites, our professional personnel will follow up and verify the reports.



AegisWeb3 currently supports Ethereum, BNB Chain, Polygon, Fantom and more chains such as Avalanche, Arbitrum, Optimism and Cronos will be added in the future.

 

For more information, please visit the website or follow their page on social media:

Website: https://www.aegisweb3.com

Twitter: https://twitter.com/AegisWeb3


#### Fire

[Fire](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fire/kglcipoddmbniebnibibkghfijekllbl) is a tool that makes Web3 simple, by showing you what happens at the smart contract level in a human-readable format.

[Fire](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fire/kglcipoddmbniebnibibkghfijekllbl) is a Chrome extension that sits in your browser and simulates a transaction before you sign with your wallet, giving you visibility into exactly what you're signing.


#### Pocket Verse

A transaction checker that helps you avoid crypto scams. [Pocket Universe](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pocket-universe/gacgndbocaddlemdiaadajmlggabdeod) assesses the outcome of your transactions before you confirm them using simulations. Before confirming your transaction in a crypto wallet like Metamask, Pocket Universe will let you clearly see:

What token approvals are being signed for both crypto and NFTs (ERC20, ERC721 and ERC1155)

What tokens are being swapped for both crypto and NFTs (ERC20, ERC721 and ERC1155)

You can use these checks to protect yourself against common wallet-draining scams which ask for unlimited token approvals.


#### Wallet Gaurd

[​Wallet Guard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wallet-guard-browse-web3/pdgbckgdncnhihllonhnjbdoighgpimk) acts as a security companion to your crypto wallet of choice, so you can browse at ease.

[​Wallet Guard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wallet-guard-browse-web3/pdgbckgdncnhihllonhnjbdoighgpimk) offers a web3 native security solution for proactive phishing protection, malicious extension detection, and a security dashboard to provide you with the latest intel on scams you’ve come across.
